Name: Chicken with rice rice
Ingredients: rice, chicken, tomato
ingredients: 4 dl of rice, 5 dl of water, 4 chicken fillets, 2 dl of peeled tomato, 2 teaspoons of aroma salt, 2 teaspoons curry, 1 teaspoon of black pepper and salt
Help: Lubricate the casserole with rice, spices and water. Put the chicken in the bowl and pour the pickled tomato on top. Bake in the oven at 200 degrees for about an hour. If the tomato does not taste you can replace the peeled tomato with fresh cheese, and get fuller when you add rice to the vegetables!

Name: Meatballs
Ingredients: minced meat, spaghetti, onion, twig, tomato
ingredients: 400 g minced meat, 1 onion, spaghetti, 2 tbsp butter, 1 pepper, 2 tomatoes, lettuce
Help: Cut the onion and hear it in the pan. Add the onion to the minced meat and shape the four big steaks.Fry it in a frying pan and fry the steaks (2-3 minutes / half). Seasoned steaks with minced meat or herb salt. Serve steaks with spaghetti and salad.

Name: Groundhair
Ingredients: minced meat, rice, tomato
ingredients: 400 g of minced meat, 400 g of rice, 1 leek, 1 tablespoon of oil, 2 tomatoes, 2 tablespoons of meat stock, 1 teaspoon of curry, 1 teaspoon of chilli.
Help: Brown the minced meat in a pan and transfer it to a bowl. Grind the leek and bring it to the boil in oil. \ T Finally add the browned minced meat and meat fondie and let the brew for 5-10 minutes. Serve with salad.

Name: Canary Catch
ingredients: chicken, rice, onion, paprika
ingredients: 300 g chicken fillet slices, 1 onion, 2 dl rice, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon curry, 5 dl water, 1 chicken cube, 200 g pea-corn pepper
Help: Brown the chicken and season it with salt and curry. Grate the onion and boil in the saucepan, add the rice to the boil. \ T Allow the mixture to boil for 10 minutes. Add vegetables and chicken and continue cooking for 10 minutes.

Name: Marinated tofu
Ingredients: tofu, spaghetti, paprika, onion
ingredients: 250 g unflavoured tofu, spaghetti, 1 big pepper, 1 garlic clove, 2 tbsp oil, 1 tbsp soy sauce, 1 tbsp balsamic vinegar, salt, sugar, black pepper
Help: Slice and cube tofu and mince garlic. Mix oil, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, salt, sugar and spice. Let the tofu marinade marinate in the marinade for two hours.Cut dry the tofu pieces on the paper and grill in a hot pan. \ T • Serve fried tofu with fried peppers and cooked spaghetti.

Name: Colorful salmon salad
Ingredients: salmon, macaroni, paprika, tomato
ingredients: 400 g salmon fillet, macaroni, 1 paprika, 2 tomatoes, 2 oranges, 3 chicken eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, lettuce, 1 tbsp olive oil
Help: Remove the bones and skin from the salmon. Cut the salmon into thin slices. Spread the slices on a plate and season with salt and pepper. Bake salmon at 225 degrees for 5 minutes. Cut half of the other orange and squeeze the juice over the slices of salmon. Peel and slice the remaining oranges as well as tomato and paprika. nKeep and slice the chicken eggs. Cook the pasta. Lay the salad in a bowl and mix the other ingredients. Sprinkle with olive oil.

Name: Lohiwokki
Ingredients: salmon, rice, paprika
ingredients: 300 g rainbow trout, rice, 450 g wokwine, 1 jar of pineapple slices, 1 paprika, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon black pepper, dill
Help: Brown the salmon snake with wok pan and transfer the fish to the plate. nHead vegetables and chopped peppers in oil. Season the vegetables with soy and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Mix the pineapples with the vegetables. Sprinkle dill on the surface of the fish. Serve with rice.

Name: Tomato Salad
Ingredients: salmon, potato, tomato, onion
ingredients: 500 g rainbow trout fillet, 2 tablespoons sage, 3 tomatoes, potatoes, mozzarella package, spring onions
Help: Raise the fish to the oven bean with the leather side down. Apply the ointment to the surface of the fillet. nTip tomatoes and mozzarella. Spread the slices over the fish. Cook the mixture for half an hour at 200 degrees. nDrape the chopped spring onion onto the surface. Serve fish with potatoes and salad.

Name: Thailohi
Ingredients: salmon, rice, onion
ingredients: 500 rainbow trout fillets, jasmine rice, 1 onion, 1 red chili, 1/2 dl coriander, 1 tablespoon oil, cucumber, 1/2 tbsp honey
Help: Raise the fish to the oven bean with the leather side down. nFine onion and chilli. Mix onion, chili, coriander, oil and honey. Spread the mixture over the fish and cover the casserole with a foil and let it marinate in the refrigerator for one hour. nPress the fish at 200 degrees for about 20 minutes. Serve with chopped cucumber and jasmine rice.

Name: Mango salmon paste
Ingredients: salmon, spaghetti, broccoli, onion
substance grains: 300 g salmon cubes, 300 g tagliatelle paste, 200 g broccoli, 1 onion, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 mango, 2 dl edible cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper
Help: Melt the salmon cubes in the microwave. Hear chopped onion in a pan with oil. Add the salmon pieces to the pan and fry them. Season salmon with salt. nPlease mango and chop it into small cubes. Chop the broccoli into a small pan and fry in an empty pan with oil for about 4 minutes. Add the cream and mango to it. Let boil for about 5 minutes. Finally, add the salmon mixture and let it heat. Serve with pasta.

Name: Smoked Chicken
Ingredients: salmon, spaghetti, tomato, onion
ingredients: 200 g warm sour cream leaf, 1 onion, 1 tomato, 1 garlic clove, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 dl edible cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 250 g fresh pasta
Help: Heat 1.5 liters of water in a spacious boiler and add salt. peel and chop the onion, garlic clove and tomato. Heat the onions and tomato in oil for a couple of minutes. Add the food cream and allow to boil for a few minutes. Season with lemon juice, salt and pepper. n Add fresh pasta in water and let boil for 10 minutes. Strain the pasta and pour back into the saucepan. n Add slices of salmon to the sauce and bring to a boil. Add the dill to the sauce. Serve sauce with fresh pasta.

Name: Mushroom ham
Ingredients: mushroom, spaghetti, tomato, onion
ingredients: 300 grams of pomegranate, 200 g of freshly pickled mushrooms, 1 onion, 1 tablespoon of oil, 500 g of tomato crumb, 1 teaspoon of salt, 1 teaspoon of black pepper, thyme, 50 g of parmesan, 200 g of spice paste
Help: Mince the onion and thyme and chop the mushrooms. Cut the chest into strips. Boil the onion and saucer in a skillet with oil. Stir in tomato crumbs. Season the mixture with pepper, salt and thyme. Let the brew for a few minutes. nTake the pasta and mix with the sauce. Sprinkle on the surface parmesan cheese.

Name: Warm mushroom salad
Ingredients: mushroom, macaroni, onion, tomato
ingredients: 200 g freshly pickled mushrooms, 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon mint, 1/2 teaspoon salt, ice salad, macaroni, 2 tomatoes
Help: Clean and cut the mushrooms. Grate the onion and garlic, hear them in oil. Add the mushrooms and continue baking for a few minutes. Season with oregano, mint and salt. n Provide a mixture of cooked macaroni and lettuce leaves. Decorate the dose with tomato blocks.

Name: Carbonara mushroom paste
Ingredients: mushroom, spaghetti, tomato, onion
substance grains: 200 g freshly pickled mushrooms, 250 g tagliatelle paste, water, salt, 140 g bacon, 2 garlic cloves, 2 chicken eggs, 2 dl vegetable fat blend, pepper, 2 tomatoes
Help: Slice the bacon and spread it in the baking dish. Slice mushrooms and garlic nails. nBrown the bacon and add the mushrooms and garlic to the pan. Cook the mixture until the mushrooms have softened. Mix the eggs and the fat mixture with each other. Season the mixture with pepper. Mix the cooked pasta into a bacon-mushroom mixture. Add the egg mixture and mix.

Name: Potato chickpeas-tofusala
Ingredients: tofu, potato, onion, paprika
ingredients: 5 potatoes, 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, 1 pepper, 1 apple, 2 dl pickles, 300 g chickpeas, 300 g tofu, 1 tbsp oil, salt, pepper, parsley, 1 dl lemon vinaigrette sauce
Help: Peel, block and boil potatoes in water flavored with salt. Chop the onion and garlic. Mix potatoes, onion, garlic and salad dressing. Give the marinade 10 minutes at room temperature. Cube peppers, apple and pickles. Drain the chickpeas and mix the ingredients with the potato mixture. Dry the tofu and brown with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the tofu to the salad. Sprinkle parsley on top.

Name: Fast chicken
Ingredients: chicken, macaroni, tomato, onion
ingredients: 300 g chicken fillet slices, 250 g tagliatelle paste, 1 tbsp oil, 2 tomatoes, 200 g onion chips, 200 g corn, 2 dl edible cream, 100 g black pepper cheese, parsley
Help: Brown the chicken strips and add the onion chips, chopped tomato and oil. Give a moment to hear. n Add the corn, sour cream and pepper cheese to the mixture. Boil the mixture for 5 minutes. Serve with cooked macaroni. Add parsley over the portions.

Name: Currykana
Ingredients: chicken, rice, paprika
ingredients: 450 g honey marinated chicken fillet, 1 pepper, 1 tbsp oil, 3 teaspoons curry, 1 banana, 200 g corn, 2 dl sour cream, 1 tbsp lime juice, black pepper, jasmine rice
Help: Brown the chicken in oil and mix with curry. nTo banana and paprika. Add banana, paprika and corn to chicken. Season with lime juice and black pepper. Add water if necessary. nCut at low heat for about 10 minutes. Serve with boiled jasmine rice.

Name: Kotkot Chicken Soup
Ingredients: chicken, potato, carrot
ingredients: 300 g chicken fillet slices, 6 potatoes, water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 3 carrots, 200 g corn, 1/2 leek, 1 teaspoon basil, 1 tbsp oil, 1 teaspoon pepper powder
Help: Wash and peel vegetables. Slice the carrots and block the potatoes. Slice the split and rinsed leek. n Put the carrots and potatoes in boiling water. Add the salt and pepper to the set. Boil for 15-20 minutes. Simultaneously brown the chicken in oil and season with pepper powder. n Add the corn, leek and chicken slices to the soup. Let it boil for another 5 minutes.

Name: Carrot
Ingredients: chicken, spaghetti, carrot, tomato
ingredients: 300 g honey marinated chicken fillet, 4 carrots, 1 tbsp oil, 60 g dried tomatoes, 1 dl cashew nuts, 1 tbsp apple vinegar, water, 10 basil leaves, 1/2 dl chopped basil
Help: Peel the carrots and cut into thin slices. Brown the chicken in oil. Mix the dried tomatoes in the bowl, cashew nuts, apple vinegar, 2 tablespoons of water and basil leaves. Blend the mixture with a blender or a food processor. n Heat the carrot slices in the pan in oil. Stir in sauce and chicken. Sprinkle fresh basil over the portions.

Name: Broiler Broccoli Salad
Ingredients: chicken, macaroni, broccoli, tomato
ingredients: 300 g chicken fillet slices, 1 teaspoon oil, 2 dl salad dressing, 2 tomatoes, 1 cucumber, rucola, ice salad, 400 g broccoli
Help: Bake broiler fillets with oil. Slice the prepared fillets and season with the sauce. Cube tomatoes and slice the cucumber. Lay the lettuce leaves on the bottom of the serving dish. Drain over salad dressing. Pick up tomato cubes and cucumber slices. Chew and chop broccoli. Cook broccoli for about three minutes. Lift the broccoli in the middle of the salad base and place the chopped chicken on the edges.

Name: Rice minced rice
Ingredients: minced meat, rice, onion
ingredients: 400 g minced meat, 450 g rice-vegetable mix, 2 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 chicken eggs, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 spring onions
Help: Bake minced meat in hot wokpana oil. Season the minced meat with salt and add the rice dressing to the pan. Bake until the rice-vegetable mixture is ripe. Break the chicken eggs in a bowl, add the soy sauce and beat the structure of the eggs. Mix the chicken eggs into the rice powder mixture. Bake in hot heat until the eggs have matured. nInsert the spring onions and add them to the fried mixture.

Name: Tomato Meatballs
Ingredients: minced meat, potato, onion, tomato,
ingredients: 450 g minced meat, 100 g tomato soups, 1/2 dl breadcrumbs, 1.5 dl milk, 1 chicken egg, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon basil, 1 onion, potatoes
Help: Hear the onion. Mix tomato soups, breadcrumbs, milk, egg, onion and spices. Let swell for 5 minutes. Add minced meat to the mixture. nMake dough dumplings and bake them at 225 degrees for about 15 minutes. Serve dumplings with boiled potatoes.

Name: Carrot and beef
Ingredients: minced meat, potato, carrot
ingredients: 400 g beef minced meat, 2 carrots, potatoes, 1 dl milk, 1/2 dl breadcrumbs, 1 chicken egg, 1 teaspoon raw, 1 teaspoon salt, black pepper
Help: Grate the carrots into a fine grater. Mix milk and breadcrumbs. Let the mixture swell for a moment. Mix with minced meat, carrots, egg, raw, salt and pepper. nTap 10 thin steaks from the jacket. Bake steaks at 225 degrees for about 8 minutes. Serve the steaks with the potato mash.

Name: Carrot Broiler Sauce
Ingredients: chicken, macaroni, carrot, onion, tomato
ingredients: 450 g chicken fillet slices, 3 carrots, 1 onion, 3 tablespoons red pesto, 1 tablespoon vegetable fat, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tomatoes, 1/2 dl chopped fresh basil
Help: Peel and cut the carrots into thin slices. Slice onion and sauce in pesto sauce. Add the carrots to the mixture and allow to simmer for 5 minutes under the lid. n Add vegetable fat and cook over low heat for about 5 minutes. nPlease broilers to mature. Season with thyme, salt and pepper. Raise the chickens to the sauce. Diced tomatoes and add them. Serve with cooked pasta.

Name: Carrot-soybean steaks
Ingredients: soy, potato, carrot, onion
ingredients: 3 dl soybean meal, 500 g carrots, 1/2 dl breadcrumbs, 1 onion, 1/2 dl thyme, 2 chicken eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper
Help: Mix carrot, soy meal and breadcrumbs. Allow the mixture to swell for about 10 minutes. n Finish onion and thyme. Add it to the carrot mixture. Mix eggs and spices. nMake 20 steaks on the dough for the dough. Bake at 200 degrees for about 15 minutes. Serve the steaks with the potato mash.

Name: Soya Carrot Box
Ingredients: soy, macaroni, onion, tomato
ingredients: 2 dl soybean meal, 400 g dark macaroni, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, 1/2 dl rapeseed oil, 1 dl water, 3 tbsp tomato mixture, 1 teaspoon basil, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper , 7.5 dl oat drink, 2 chicken eggs, 1 teaspoon basil
Help: Cook macaroni for 8 minutes in brine. Drain water and add oil to macaroni. nShell and chop the onions and hear them in oil. Add the soy meal and stir for a moment. Add 1 dl of water, tomato sauce and spices. Mix the macaroni and soy meal mixture in a flat bowl. Mix eggs and spices into the oatmeal. Pour the mixture into the dish. n Add the grated cheese to the mixture. Bake at 175 degrees for about 30 minutes.

Name: Rice Salmon Salad
Ingredients: salmon, rice, tomato, onion
ingredients: 150 g of cold smoked salmon, 450 g of rice and vegetable mix, 1 dl of salad dressing, 2 garlic cloves, 2 dl of pickles, 1 dl of dill, 4 chicken eggs, ice salad, 3 tomatoes, 1 tbsp capers
Help: Heat the rice and vegetable sauce in the pan for about 5 minutes in a drop of salad dressing. nAnd the mixture at the end with salad dressing and chopped garlic. Allow the mixture to cool. nIdle the pickles and chop dill. Stir in the rice mixture. Allow the mixture to marinate in the refrigerator until tender. nKeep the eggs and block them. Lay the salad leaves and pour the rice mixture over the salad. Cut the salmon slices in half and add them to the mixture. Finally, add the chopped tomatoes, chicken eggs and capers to the mixture.

Name: Rainbow paste with pasta
Ingredients: salmon, spaghetti, onion
ingredients: 300 g of marinated rainbow trout, 1/2 leek, 2 dl of cream, 1 tablespoon of mustard, 1 teaspoon of soy sauce, 1 dl of dill, 1 onion, tagliatelle paste
Help: Bake fish fillets in a roasting basket. Whisk the onion. Finely chop the leek and split more with onion sauté pan. n Add cream and spices. Simmer for 5 minutes at low heat. Stir in shredded dill. Serve with pasta.

Name: Fungus soybean suffocation
Ingredients: potato, soy, onion, tomato
ingredients: 200 g of mushrooms, 10 pieces of sun-dried tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves, 1-2 tablespoons of oil, 1 dl of dark soya juice, 1/2 dl of water, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, 1 teaspoon of pepper powder, 1 teaspoon of dried thyme, black pepper mill, 500 g potato-onion mixture, 2 dl oat cream
Help: Cut the mushrooms. Finish with sun-dried tomatoes and chop garlic cloves. Heat the oil in a pan and add the garlic and mushrooms to it. Take a moment and then add the sun-dried tomatoes and dry soy meal to the pan. Bake for a while and then add water and spices to the pan. Continue to bake until the mushrooms have got a beautiful color on their surface and no more liquid is removed. Mix the mushroom soybean meal together with the frosted potato onion mixture. Pour the oat cream and bake for about 45 minutes in the middle of a 200-degree oven.

Name: Mediterranean tofu potato salad
Ingredients: potato, tofu, tomato, onion
ingredients: 4-5 potatoes, 150 g cherry tomatoes, small red onion, 50 g big capers, 4 sun-dried tomatoes, potted basil, 1 pc of unflavoured tofu, olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1/4 teaspoon pepper powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon balsamico, 1/4 teaspoon sugar
Help: Wash and cook potatoes. Let cool, bark and chop into cubes. nCut cherry tomatoes, chop the onion and cut the sun-dried tomatoes. Combine potatoes, tomatoes, onions and capers. cube tofu and chopped garlic. Heat the frying pan and add olive oil to it. Saute in a pan for a moment garlic and pepper powder, then add tofu, salt and black pepper. Bake until the tofu has a beautiful surface. n Add tofu to other ingredients. Mix the sauce and pour it into the salad. Just add the basil leaves to the salad just before serving.

Name: Mushroom-pea-broccoli pasta
Ingredients: potato, mushroom, broccoli
substance grains: 1 broccoli, 200 g frozen, 200 g mushroom, handful of pine nuts, 3 dl oatmeal, 1/2 lemon juice, crushed black pepper, 1/2 vegetable broth, 50 g grated parmesan, olive oil
Help: Boil the pasta into aldent. n Splash of broccoli and mushrooms. Fry the mushrooms in a hot frying pan with no oil so that they start to brown, finally add the night and brown for a moment. Move aside. n Roast pine nuts in a hot pan and move them aside. nPour the cream in a pan and mix it with half a lemon juice, plenty of black pepper and just under half a vegetable broth. Add the broccoli pieces and let them simmer for a few minutes. Broccoli is good to leave a little crispy, so be careful not to cook too much. n Add other ingredients, stir and bake for a moment so that the peas melt. Serve with a sprig of parsley.